[DO NOT MERGE] Docs for server 4.1 (#7648)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/v4.1/installation/migrate-from-server-3-to-server-4.adoc

. Run `git clone \https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/server-scripts`.
. Change into the `kots-exporter` directory: `cd server-scripts/kots-exporter`.
. Run the migration script: `./kots-exporter.sh`.
. You will be prompted for the following information:
** Release name of your server v3.x installation - `circleci-server`
** Kubernetes namespace of your server 3.x installation
** License String for server v4.x, which will be provided by your CircleCI point of contact.
. After the script has completed, you will get a message detailing the next steps to perform, for example:

[source,shell]
----
############ Upgrade Commands ################
Before upgrading to 4.x, follow the steps below:

Your helm values file with your installation config is here:
- <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml

## Helm login to cciserver.azurecr.io
helm registry login cciserver.azurecr.io --username <image-registry-username>

## Helm Diff (optional)
The Helm Diff tool is used to verify that the changes between your current install and the upgrade are expected.

# diff command

> helm diff upgrade <release-name> -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml --show-secrets --context 5 oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm diff upgrade <release-name> -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml --show-secrets --context 5 oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.2
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Helm Upgrade CircleCI Server

> helm upgrade <release-name> -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version <version-to-upgrade-to> --force

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm upgrade <release-name> -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.2 --force
```

> NOTE: After server 3.x to 4.x migration, You must rerun the Nomad terraform with modified value of 'server_endpoint' variable

Author: ooo good spot, I imagine so!

> NOTE: After server 3.x to 4.x migration, You must rerun the Nomad terraform with modified value of 'server_endpoint' variable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: After server 3.x to 4.x migration, you must rerun the Nomad terraform with the modified value of the `server_endpoint` variable. It should be - `<domain-name>:4647`.
```
I actually missed this commit, sorry

> It should be - <domain-name>:4647

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

DEBUG: Starting migration of schema "public" to version "0002 - drop domain migrations" ...
Migrating schema "public" to version "0002 - drop domain migrations"
DEBUG: Executing SQL: DROP TABLE IF EXISTS public.domain_migrations
DEBUG: 0 rows affected
DEBUG: Successfully completed migration of schema "public" to version "0002 - drop domain migrations"
DEBUG: Schema History table "public"."schema_version" successfully updated to reflect changes
Successfully applied 1 migration to schema "public", now at version v0002 (execution time 00:00.101s)
DEBUG: Memory usage: 12 of 15M
----

[#validate-your-helm-value-file]
=== 4. Validate your helm-value file
Once the migration script has completed, a `helm-values.yaml` file will be generated with your existing CircleCI server 3.x config. This file holds the configuration data you had previously entered in KOTS. Going forward, you will use this file to update/configure your CircleCI server installation as is standard helm practice.

[#generate-helm-diff-output]
=== 5. Generate helm-diff output
Next, execute the helm-diff command and review the output.

[source,shell]
----
helm registry login cciserver.azurecr.io -u <image-registry-username>

> helm diff upgrade <release-name> -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml --show-secrets --context 5 oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm diff upgrade <release-name> -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml --show-secrets --context 5 oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.2
```

Below are the changes you should expect to see in `helm-diff` output:

* `imagePullSecrets` is added into all the Kubernetes resources
* Container images are updated
* Secret environment variables (for example api-token, signing-keys) now reference Kubernetes secrets
* Environment variables for RabbitMQ and MongoDB URIs change
* Environment variables for VM, OUTPUT and NOMAD service uri now reference `<domain_name>:<service_port>`
* Annotations from VM, OUTPUT and NOMAD service resources are deleted
* Github checksum is added as annotation
* Secret and annotation for `distributor-*` deployments are deleted
* Upstream chart `postgresql` is updated
* Upsteam charts will be recreated (delete and create):
** Prometheus (circleci-server-kube-state-metrics, node-exporter, prometheus-server)
** MongoDB
** RabbitMQ
** Redis (redis-master, redis-slave)

[#upgrading-circleci-server-3]
=== 6. Upgrading CircleCI server 3.x
Once your helm-value file is verified, run the following commands to upgrade the CircleCI server to v4.x.

Our helm registry is stored in an azure private registry. You will be provided a username and token to access the registry.
[source,shell]
----

> helm upgrade circleci-server -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.1 --force

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm upgrade circleci-server -n <namespace> -f <path>/kots-exporter/output/helm-values.yaml oci://cciserver.azurecr.io/circleci-server --version 4.0.2 --force
```
